Add k6-operator docs to Set up (#1559)
grafana/k6-docs: docs/sources/v0.50.x/set-up/set-up-distributed-k6/usage/extensions.md

---
weight: 200
title: Use k6 Operator with k6 extensions
---

# Use k6 Operator with k6 extensions

> By default, the k6 operator uses `grafana/k6:latest`, or the latest version of k6, as the container image for the test jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the k6 Operator uses `ghcr.io/grafana/k6-operator:latest-runner` as the container image for the test jobs.
```
